[KOGITO-4046] - Deploying a new Kogito service from files in CLI not … (#3102)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/kogito-docs/src/main/asciidoc/openshift/chap-kogito-deploying-on-openshift.adoc

`{PRODUCT_INIT} install infra kogito-kafka-infra --kind Kafka --apiVersion kafka.strimzi.io/v1beta1 -p kogito-travel-agency`

> |Create a {PRODUCT} service definition from a local source or from a Git repository and deploy the service. In local directory source if `pom.xml` file present it'll zip and upload the whole dir to OCP and start a build. In a binary build configuration, this command creates the service definition but does not deploy the service.

Reviewer: Maybe we could add an observation about building with files like DRL, BPMN, SW?

> |Create a {PRODUCT} service definition from a local source or from a Git repository and deploy the service. In local directory source if `pom.xml` file present it'll zip and upload the whole dir to OCP and start a build. If `pom.xml` is not found it'll only upload the supported extension files(".dmn", ".drl", ".bpmn", ".bpmn2", ".properties", ".sw.json", ".sw.yaml") from the dir for build. In a binary build configuration, this command creates the service definition but does not deploy the service.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Create a {PRODUCT} service definition from a local source or a Git repository and deploy the service. In a local directory source, if the `pom.xml` file is present, then the entire directory is zipped and uploaded to OCP and the build is initiated. However, if `pom.xml` is not present, then only supported extension files (including `.dmn`, `.drl`, `.bpmn`, `.bpmn2`, `.properties`, `.sw.json`, and `.sw.yaml`) from the directory to initiate the build. In a binary build configuration, this command creates the service definition but does not deploy the service.
```

> |Create a {PRODUCT} service definition from a local source or a Git repository and deploy the service. In a local directory source, if the `pom.xml` file is present, then the entire directory is zipped and uploaded to OCP and the build is initiated. However, if `pom.xml` is not present, then only supported extension files (including `.dmn`, `.drl`, `.bpmn`, `.bpmn2`, `.properties`, `.sw.json`, and `.sw.yaml`) from the directory to initiate the build. In a binary build configuration, this command creates the service definition but does not deploy the service.

Reviewer 3: @Kaitou786 @hmanwani-rh Suggest "However, if **the `pom.xml` file** is not present". Also, is a word missing here? > "... then only supported extension files ... form the directory to initiate the build." Do we mean "extension files ... from the directory **can** initiate the build."

Reviewer 2: @sterobin Yes.

Author: In case of local directory deployment if pom.xml file is not present the we only upload the supported extention files to the OCP cluster and scaffold a maven project at runtime and build it with these supported files as resources. If pom.xml is present, then we zip and upload whole project and trigger a build on OCP

Reviewer 3: @Kaitou786 @hmanwani-rh Got it, makes sense now. Good with me.

@ricardozanini Down to your final approval.
